Plots:
 * **Ela_nohighhet_Ne_contemp_plot.png:** Plots of Ne through time for *Equulites laterofenestra* (models fit only to contemporary SFS). Dark line represents estimated Ne through time for the most parsimonious model; lighter lines represent 100 bootstrapped estimates. Created with `Demo_Bootstrap.R`.
 * **Ela_nohighhet_Ne_contemp_temp_plot.png:** Plots of Ne through time for *Equulites laterofenestra* (models fit to both contemporary and historical SFS). Dark line represents estimated Ne through time for the most parsimonious model; lighter lines represent 100 bootstrapped estimates. Created with `Demo_Bootstrap.R`.
 * **Ela_nohighhet_Ne_temp_plot.png:** Plots of Ne through time for *Equulites laterofenestra* (models fit only to historical SFS). Dark line represents estimated Ne through time for the most parsimonious model; lighter lines represent 100 bootstrapped estimates. Created with `Demo_Bootstrap.R`.
 * **Gmi_A_nohighhet_Ne_contemp_plot.png:** Plots of Ne through time for *Gazza minuta* (models fit only to contemporary SFS). Dark line represents estimated Ne through time for the most parsimonious model; lighter lines represent 100 bootstrapped estimates. Created with `Demo_Bootstrap.R`.
 * **Gmi_A_nohighhet_Ne_contemp_temp_plot.png:** Plots of Ne through time for *Gazza minuta* (models fit to both contemporary and historical SFS). Dark line represents estimated Ne through time for the most parsimonious model; lighter lines represent 100 bootstrapped estimates. Created with `Demo_Bootstrap.R`.
 * **Gmi_A_nohighhet_Ne_temp_plot.png:** Plots of Ne through time for *Gazza minuta* (models fit only to historical SFS). Dark line represents estimated Ne through time for the most parsimonious model; lighter lines represent 100 bootstrapped estimates. Created with `Demo_Bootstrap.R`.
